Assignment-1
a)What is happiness?
Ans.The happiness for me is when I follow my rules it means my time table,which I make at the morning or starting of the day.
And also the reason on which my happiness is depends when I follow atleast one step in a day for my goals.
And the main reason when I become happy when I see that my family is happy then automatically I become happy and I am doing all things for 
my family.

b)How to achieve it?
Ans.My dream is to become a businessman for that I am doing somethings.
Everyone know that if you want to become a businessman or open any business or company the first and most important thing is capital(money).
Without money you can't open any business.
So that I am saving money everyday and simultaneously I am doing Engineering for new idea.
And I am attending the seminars of Entrepreneurs and businessmans.
Basically I want education as well as money so that engineering is a best way.
And Engineering is the best way to elaborate our ideas and do something on it.
I want higher placement here side wise I am studying stock market for collecting a capital and simultaneously I am reading books like Rich dad poor dad
,Think and Grow rich, Atomic habits which makes changes in my daily routine.


Q1)What is Natural Acceptance?
Ans. Natural acceptance is a faculty that is present in each one of us. It is intact and invariant.
We only have to start praying attention to it.
To start,"Seeing" it for example ,ask yourself this question.
Is trust naturally acceptable to me in relationship, or is mistrust naturally acceptable?
what is the answer? It turns out they trust is naturally acceptable to you in relationship.


Q2)How to achieve it and characteristics of natural acceptance?
Ans. 1)It does not change with time,it remains unchange invarient with time.
ex.Our acceptance for values like trust or respect does not change with time.
2)It does not depend on the place,whether you are at any place in the country,your natural acceptance will give you some answer for your queries.
3)It does not depend on our conditioning.Our natural acceptance for any thing does not change.
Ex.If they tell us to disrespect any other religion between we question our deep innerself,the answer will always be different from what is told or preached to us.


Natural acceptance for me				How to achieve it?
1)Trust in friendship					Share everything with our friends and do not hide any problem from our friends share every thing (Don't broke the believe of our friends)

2)Respect of everyone (Basically			Whenever we need to elders act with them with politeness(If you are in the presence of an elder,bepolite) 
the peoples which are the same 
age of our parents)

3)Care							Care everyone which is in your contact or close to you(basically of our parents)
